allegedly came with the help of an elevator
travel to another world so crazy
It sounds like there is even one
instruction
hello together for the sake of fairness
I have an important request for you again today
you follow me all on twitter below
www.twitter.com / with naked there
posting on things in between me
only post on twitter
so worth it in any case with it
would be happy to follow and thank you for
support
now to the actual video
This crazy ritual comes naturally
Once again from the Asian region
this was the korea
north of a korean website
this total trend there is a kind
probation comparable to the plate
Mary, for example
just a lot scary and
disturbing
remember this ritual or game is
as in supposedly very dangerous and
is carried out at your own risk
You can only play this game alone
play and you need a building with
at least ten floors and one
elevator
Follow the instructions below
courthouse and go to the elevator in
first floor it alone that else
nobody in the elevator
then knobs pushed the fourth floor
if the elevator is the fourth floor
does not increase that the
Close the door again and press the button
button for the second floor if the
on the second floor you stay in the elevator
and press the button the sixth
Stage if you are in the sixth floor
stay in the elevator and press the button
for the second floor
if you're on the second floor
press the button for the tenth
floor
when the tenth floor is pressed
the button for the fifth floor with
the fifth floor would be
probably a young friend
give not rise
do not talk to her she is not that
what she seems to be
press the button on the first floor
when the elevator starts to drive up to
You can continue on the tenth floor
if the elevator is actually under
the first floor drives the way so
Do not look fast as possible
back and does not speak
you have reached another ten pieces
the choice if you want to stay in the elevator
or want to get off if you are
decide to get out and if I have
the woman asks where you are going to answer
he does not and does not look at you
You can easily find out if you are
you into a different world it is
However, there is only one
note you are the only person of the
other world you will not be on any other
humans meet except at most
this woman and if the wood yet
're somewhere meet other people
you still in the real world
but how do you get back to that?
stay in the elevator on the 10th floor
hit the first floor if the
Elevator is easy to try
continue through the whole time the button
until the lift leaves on the first floor
is a first floor and reports
the doors open leaving so fast
as possible, do not look at the elevator
say nothing back with the tenth stock
from text vocals as well as follow back you
you need the same order for return
with whom you came
then only the same floor has to be
learn how to start
you should end up in the fifth
floor if you are on the fifth floor
has reached presses the button with the
first floor to arrive
the elevator with restart in the
Tenth floor to drive
hit all sorts of floors around that
to prevent
you have to manage the duo
will you stay in front of the tenth floor?
then you can drive the first floor
when you reach the first floor
Exactly check your environment if
you something strange appears open in the
smallest detail
then do not get off the elevator if you
something does not discover that there
belongs or you the world somehow
different or strange occurs repeat
the floor sequence you are back in
fifth floor and drive in again
the first floor makes you so often you are
the 100 percent sure you are
to be the real world
then you can secure a lift
leave
a few additional weather information
other world will reach the floor
apart from no human soul altogether
Ident look like the floor in the
real world
but you can do two things altogether
safely orientate
no lights are switched on
and you can not be lights
turn on
and if out of the window chance is a
red cross of distance see some
say electronic devices like cell phones
cameras mp3 player etc work
not in other world others in turn
say they work
to get back to your own world
may be a bit difficult than you
do you think you might lose that
orientation and forgets in which
lift you have arrived the right one
give will perhaps continue
away than before
if you find yourself a bit to see
stay alert and with clear mind
do not try to cloud your soul
you should leave it for some reason
to get out of power incorrectly or
somehow different your consciousness
to lose
You will probably be at your home
Note wake up exactly because
environment will be noticed that this
not the real world is trying
there again the building with the elevator
to get out of the world
and again a warning for the woman in the
fifth floor talks to her and
you do not look
if they do, maybe they will
decide to keep that to yourself
what do you think about that ?
really so possible then he writes
though in the comments
or think that can not really
work is just a normal one
courage test then writes away completely in the
Comments
and will you ever do that yourself?
I definitely try it
not even if only one percent
chance exists
somehow in a parallel world or in
another world as it is called caught
be it return, I determined that not
especially cities before eleven has quite
alone with the elevator around
theoretically one would have this still
at night they usually do it during the day
easier strangers could get in
to interrupt the ritual
So pretty flu really unique
do not make but how does it because in
Look out if there is such a kind of video
like and want to see more of it
then let a thumb up there follows
me necessarily on twitter at no info
not to miss more yet
you and until next time will come
run the endart left arrived
to give compassion
there could be around in creepy ritual
Run midnight and right thought
playing hide-and- seek
there you can supposedly alone with
hide a stuffed animal play a lot
fun